

We provide premium market data and analytic solutions for market data vendors and subscribers. We ovide premium market data and analytic solutions to power information and trading systems for businesses of all size with reference data from global commodity and stock exchanges, independent data providers, banks, indices, currencies, fundamental data and more.



For market data vendors we can offer your data to the global market using our premium software solutions. We have solutions that suit any trading business - from the sole trader to the largest  corporation. We take care of the infrastructure and technology, letting you focus on providing your services direct to your clients.



For market data vendors we offer a fast cost effective solution to present your data to the global market. We take care of the infrastructure and technology, letting you focus on providing your services direct to your clients.


Our innovative analytic solutions help any business to get more from their market data and gain real actionable insights. We help businesses embrace data analytics to help improve their market understanding, achieve better growth and gain competitive advantage.

At Sarus we make market data work harder for you.










We provide premium market data and analytic solutions to power information and trading systems for businesses of all size by providing reference data from global commodity and stock exchanges, independent data providers, banks, global indices, currencies, fundamental data and more.

For market data vendors we offer a fast cost effective solution to present your data to a global market using our premium software solutions. We take care of the infrastructure and technology, letting you focus on providing your services to your clients.

Our innovative analytic solutions help any business to get more from their market data and gain real actionable insights. We help businesses embrace data analytics to help improve their market understanding, achieve better growth and gain competitive advantage.